Add script to convert .bin to DICOM RTDOSE (#30)
SebastiaanBreedveld/TROTS: TOPAS_simulation/README.md

           --PPH=1e5 (for example)
```
   
## Script convertBINtoRTDOSE.py 

> This script will read the .bin file previously generated and convert it to RTDOSE.dcm format. The .bin file has had to be written with the following arguments (if it was created following this flow, it will already have the correct format):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script needs as arguments the PPH of the simulation and input/ouput paths. It will read the .bin file previously generated and convert it to RTDOSE.dcm format. The .bin file has had to be written with the following arguments (if it was created following this workflow, it will already have the correct format):
```

```python
          --MU2NPcalibrationFile = "calibration_file.txt"
          --DoseBoxLikeCT True
```

> The dose will be scaled by the corresponding PPH value used during the simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dose will be scaled by the corresponding PPH value used during the simulation.
This will allow the import of the RTdose of TROTS and TOPAS directly in 3D Slicer and thus enable a side-by-side DVH comparison.
```
